for Alex silky troop four months have
passed
William has doubled in size and his
challenge now is to keep up with the
truth but his judgment isn't always
perfect
[Music]
his dexterity has improved and he's
learned how to tackle the abundant
forest fruits and he's not afraid to
take on the older juveniles
he's only eight months old and it's a
bit risky to be wrestling with a 20
month old about twice as sighs sometimes
infants do fall to the ground
when they're in these rather aggressive
lengthy play wrestling bouts certainly
the 20 month old was not wrestling as
intensely as he usually does it seemed
like the two year old was kind of toning
it down a little bit
sulky sifaka play is is remarkable and
complex and detailed we could bring a
wrestling coach out here and they could
actually score headlocks pins flips
tosses across the shoulder and there'd
be some new moves that silkies could do
that they wouldn't know how to score you
know like this the hanging upside down
by one foot grabbing the tail of another
one and putting it in your mouth and
biting them that would be a silky only
yeah William may not win every round yet
but his well on the way to holding his
own
you